Trump to conservative leaders: If this plan fails, I'll blame Democrats
China OKs 38 Trump Trademarks; Critics Say It Violates Emoluments Clause
Majority of Americans want Attorney General Sessions to resign for lying under oath
Poll says majority of Americans want Jeff Sessions to resign
Trump, Tillerson weaken State Department as Putin would want
Bernie Sanders: It is important to keep calling Donald Trump a liar
Poor ‘don’t want health care,’ Kansas congressman says, and the backlash begins
Psychological roots of voters' Trump depression: “It makes me question my sanity if something so apparently wrong to me, seems like the truth to someone else.”
Republican senator to call Trump’s bluff on Obama wiretapping accusation. Sen. Lindsey Graham says he’ll subpoena information from the FBI and DOJ if he has to.
Outrage over $400 million tax break for health insurance executives under GOP Obamacare replacement plan
Trumpism is now getting exposed as a monumental fraud
Poll: More than half of voters say Sessions should resign
Sen. Franken: No other conclusion, Sessions perjured himself
Ex-aides: Trump has long been worried about recorded calls
Republicans are now paying the price for a years-long campaign of Obamacare lies
Carville: It won't be easy to sell 'Chumpcare'
GOP's ACA repeal bill would cut 12% of CDC's budget. Nightmare for pandemic preparedness.
US general says Russia has deployed banned missile
ACLU emerges as main Trump antagonist
U.S. judge allows Hawaii to challenge Trump's new travel ban
Republicans seem tired of the Trump-Putin jokes as evidence mounts
Republican governors argue Donald Trump replacing Obamacare will leave millions without health insurance
A Canadian Citizen was arbitrarily denied entry into the US: Border Agent says she needed a visa, but she did not
Trump team feigns ignorance of massive tax giveaway to CEOs in their healthcare bill. HHS Secretary Tom Price claimed he is is not familiar with the provision that cuts taxes for companies paying CEOs more than $500,000 a year.
A Reminder: Donald Trump, Our President, Hates Women.
By pointing to piles of paper, Spicer makes the worst argument of all
Poll: Majority say Sessions lied under oath and should resign
Rep. Thomas Massie: GOP Obamacare repeal 'stinking pile of garbage' written by the 'insurance lobby,' and it 'will fail'
U.S. attorney asked to investigate Trump for alleged constitutional violation
White House strains to answer if Trump is target of probe
Pope Francis issues veiled warning about Donald Trump: 'Populism is evil'
Donald Trump is “haunted” by the ghost of Barack Obama’s first term
Why Is McConnell Rushing Through a Trumpcare Bill Everybody Hates?
Trump administration considers $6 billion cut to HUD budget
Cardinal Cupich: No Immigration Agents In Catholic Churches Without Warrant
Outrage over $400 million tax break for health insurance executives under GOP Obamacare replacement plan
The luxury of telling poor people that iPhones are a luxury
‘The poor will always be with us’ is no excuse to cut Medicaid.
Physicians reject House ACA replacement bill
Betsy DeVos' Holy War
Laziness isn’t why people are poor. And iPhones aren’t why they lack health care.
Republican Congressman: Poor people don’t want healthcare, “like Jesus said”
Dan Rather: 'Sheer level of paranoia' from White House is 'untenable'
Obama 'rolled his eyes' at Trump's wiretap accusation
Ivanka Trump's new DC landlord wants her father's administration to lift block on controversial $40bn mine
Maybe It’s a Bad Sign When Hospitals Come Out Against Your Healthcare Plan
Samuel L. Jackson calls on HUD Secretary Ben Carson to resign — ‘Stop talking, period. How about that?’
Poll: More Than Half of Americans Say Sessions Lied, Should Resign
President Mike Pence Doesn’t Sound Quite So Bad, Some Top Democrats Say
“Science” is no longer part of the EPA science office’s mission
If Trumpcare goes down, Paul Ryan is going to get the blame.
Panetta: Trump wiretapping claim "undermines and weakens" the presidency
Poll: Slight majority of American voters say Sessions should resign
Russia has deployed banned missile, U.S. general says
Democrats ask White House about Trump son-in-law's potential conflicts
ACLU Challenges Warrant To Search Data Of Facebook Page For Group Protesting Dakota Access Pipeline
Trump travel ban: Hawaii files first legal challenge
Report: 6-10 million people could lose their health insurance under GOP's Obamacare-replacement plan
FBI Director James Comey: 'There Is No Such Thing as Absolute Privacy in America'
Spicer won’t confirm documents posted by WikiLeaks — but he wants Democrats to be much more outraged about them
Muslim ban will cost US taxpayers about 15 billion
Hawaii becomes 1st state to sue over Trump's new travel ban
White House Preemptively Attacks Congressional Budget Office On Obamacare Bill
Conservatives insist Trump is not influenced by the alt-right. Here’s why they’re wrong.
Indian-Origin Canadian Denied Entry To US, Told 'I've Been Trumped'
Vulnerable Republicans feel the heat on ObamaCare replacement bill
Donald Trump travel ban: Hawaii becomes first US state to take President's new executive order to court
Republican civil war: The GOP has no idea how to structure tax cuts
Lawyers dispute White House claims on Bush Guantanamo releases
Meet the New Travel Ban, Same as the Old Travel Ban
Spoiled food and moldy showers: Poor conditions for immigrant detainees in O.C. jail, report says
Hawaii Mounts Legal Challenge to President's Revised Travel Ban
Trump Hotels Are Getting Hammered With Horrible Online Reviews
San Antonio could lose $40 million in convention business if Texas bathroom bill passes
Congressional Republican Obamacare Replacement: A Disappointing Failure
Federal criminal probe being opened into WikiLeaks' publication of CIA documents
Spicer's confusing response to Trump investigation question – video
Paper: Preliminary Budget Would Cut $6 Billion From Hud
‘Protect Us From This Dangerous President,’ 2 Psychiatrists Say
Obamacare “replacement” heads toward political disaster: What are GOP leaders thinking?
Battle erupts over 'TrumpCare'
Is the Far Right Going to Kill Trumpcare?
In its declarations about enemies and leaks, Trump presidency recalls the Nixon era
He threatened to kill the president. Now he is seeking public office in Virginia
Republicans are now paying the price for a years-long campaign of Obamacare lies
The House G.O.P. Health-Care Plan Is Harmful, Regressive, and Wrong
U.S. general says Russia deploys cruise missile, threatens NATO
Republican governors are complaining about the GOP healthcare plan
Dems force reading of entire GOP healthcare bill to drag out committee markup
The Terrifying Truth Behind the Trump-Russia Mess
No reason to believe Trump is target of any investigation: White House
The Rehabilitation of George W. Bush, War Criminal
Ransomware Attack Locks Democratic State Senators Out Of Their Computers
Ex-aides: Trump has long been worried about recorded calls
Report: Early Trump administration budget would cut HUD funding by $6B
Female lawmakers walk out of House chamber for women’s protest
Alejandra Campoverdi is running for Congress. And facing down the threat of cancer.
GOP senator: Trump should stop tweeting
Hawaii files 1st challenge to President Trump’s revised travel ban
Today in Obamacare: Republicans' problem isn't CBO. It's their bill.
Trump admin quietly made asylum more difficult in the US
Trump sexual assault accuser slams his Women’s Day tweets
Organizers behind the Women's March on Washington arrested in front of Trump Tower
Tennessee General Assembly condemning pornography as a "public health crisis"
Purple America Has All But Disappeared
Women in U.S. vow to 'fight and fight and fight' against Trump
The House’s Obamacare repeal bill would strand drug addicts without access to care
Trump’s S.E.C. Nominee Disclosure Offers Rare Glimpse of Clients and Conflicts
Trump Budget Proposal Reflects Working-Class Resentment of the Poor
"A recipe for death spirals": experts fear what the Republican health care bill will do
Al Franken: I think Jeff Sessions committed perjury
'There are no sacred cows': Breitbart's honeymoon with establishment wing of Trump White House may be over
Senators ask DOJ and FBI for information on Trump's wiretapping accusation
Analysis | ‘They will suffer the consequences,’ Democrats say of Republicans on Obamacare
Russia Turns Wikileaks CIA Dump Into Disinformation
San Francisco asks federal judge to block Trump order penalizing 'sanctuary' cities
Fake ICE Agent Told Immigrants: Pay Me or Get Deported
The Republican health care bill’s uninsured penalty punishes the poor way more than the rich
Donald Trump's paranoia is 'untenable to the workings' of government, says Dan Rather
Trump administration looks to resume Saudi arms sale criticized as endangering civilians in Yemen
Right-wing groups strongly oppose Trump’s healthcare plan, pretend Trump has nothing to do with it. Breitbart would have you believe it’s all Paul Ryan’s fault.
Republican actions on race are no accident
UN human rights chief attacks Trump over surge in 'discrimination, anti-Semitism and anti-minority violence'
Hawaii Sues to Block Trump Travel Ban; First Challenge to Order
Chinese Mistake Satire on Trump as Real News
U.S. judge rules Hawaii can challenge Trump’s new immigration ban
Mexico cancels sugar export permits to U.S. in trade dispute
President Trump preps for war with own base
Imagine How Bad the Republican Budget Could Be. It's Worse. And it's only going to get worse.
CIA Says Americans Should Be 'Deeply Troubled' by Wikileaks' Latest Leak
Bernie Sanders says Donald Trump has 'complete disregard for reality'
FBI chief James Comey plans to serve his entire 10-year term. "You're stuck with me for another 6 1/2 years."
Why Repeal and Replace Is Going So Badly
DNC chairman: ‘Reckless’ repeal plan shows GOP clueless on health policy
Hawaii plans to file first lawsuit against new travel ban
How America's Idea Of Illegal Immigration Doesn't Always Match Reality
MSNBC Reporter Slams Spicer, Exposes Stupidity of Trump's Wiretapping Conspiracy (Video)
McCain on WikiLeaks dump: 'I can't tell you how serious this is'
Report: Obama was furious after Trump accused him of wiretapping
Republicans: Don't enable Trump's absurd Obama wiretapping accusation
Sean Spicer says President Trump’s under no obligation to provide proof for wiretap allegations
GOP's border tax will kill blue-collar jobs and harm consumers
FBI and CIA launch criminal investigation into 'malware leaks'
Globe editorial: Donald Trump’s distracting and dangerous tap dance
The strike is on: Women protest as part of ‘Day Without a Woman
Trump may stop spouses of H-1B visa holders from working
Obama irked and exasperated in response to Trump's wiretapping claims, sources say
Tapper: Trump alone on wiretap island
Alternative history: the dangerous byproduct of fake facts
Trump to Resume Halted Saudi Arms Sales for Yemen War
Pro-pot arguments fly higher with likely voters
ANALYSIS: President Trump preps for war with own base
Trump turns apolitical Mennonites into protesters
Under fire, FBI director forges ahead
Trump’s revised travel ban is still a Muslim ban
C.I.A. Scrambles to Contain Damage From WikiLeaks Documents
No apology tour for conservatives: Study shows liberals more likely to say I'm sorry
House intel chair: No evidence of Trump's wiretap claim
No Wonder the Republicans Hid the Health Bill
Trump warns House GOP members of electoral 'bloodbath' if repeal and replace fails
Criminal investigation launched into WikiLeaks' release of CIA documents describing global hacking operations -
U.S. weighs deploying up to 1,000 'reserve' troops for IS fight
Hawaii files amended lawsuit to fight Trump's travel ban
The CIA Document Dump Isn't Exactly Snowden 2.0. Here's Why
Scientists say Trump's border wall would devastate wildlife habitat
If you thought the Obamacare backlash was bad, Trumpcare will give Democrats a whipping boy for the ages
Millennials May Be the First Generation to Lose a Majority of their Jobs to Automation.
Trump reportedly wants to slash NOAA's hurricane-tracking satellite funding
MAP: 131 Bomb Threats Strike Jewish Community — And Counting
White House Struggles to Defend Trump’s Wiretapping Claims
FBI’s Comey: ‘I’ll avoid talking about things I don’t want to talk about’
If the GOP’s Obamacare alternative fails, we might see real reforms
U.S. weighs deploying up to 1,000 'reserve' troops for IS fight
FBI Director Comey at cyber conference: 'You're stuck with me'
Al Franken Accuses Jeff Sessions of Perjury Over Denial of Russian Communications
Sen. Grassley's feelings hurt that Sen. Al Frankin would ask Sessions a "gotcha" question
Trump and Russia: It's the cover-up that suggests a crime
“Rolled his eyes”: Barack Obama has no words for Donald Trump’s claim that he wiretapped him
Trump courts former foe Ted Cruz
The Generals In Trump’s Cabinet Aren’t “Adults In the Room”—They’re Hungry for War
How Trump’s Wiretapping Tweet Storm Distracted From Russia
Trump blames Obama for 122 'vicious' Guantanamo prisoners returning 'to the battlefield' — but 113 of them were released under Bush
Watchdog: Trump ally Icahn violating lobbying rules
What should we do if the president is a liar?
A Conspiracy A Month? Trump Calls For 2 Investigations — With No Evidence
FBI's Comey Says ‘You're Stuck With Me’ for Another Six Years
WHO: Pollution Caused 1/4 Of Children’s Death; EPA Just Condemned More To Early Grave
FBI Director Comey: "There Is No Such Thing As Absolute Privacy In America"
How Will National Security Institutions Survive Their War With Trump?
Health Providers Denounce G.O.P. Bill as House Panels Get to Work
Trump tweeted about International Women’s Day. Big mistake
Donald Trump's latest attack on Barack Obama over Guantanamo Bay releases turns out to be completely false
Sen. Al. Franken tells CNN's Jake Tapper he thinks Attorney General Jeff Sessions committed perjury when he failed to mention to him his contacts with the Russian ambassador during his confirmation hearings.
Trump adviser Icahn accused of breaching lobbying rules
Sanders Doubles Down On Calling Trump A Liar
Hawaii launches first legal challenge to revised travel ban
With a show of Stars and Stripes, U.S. forces in Syria try to keep warring allies apart
No, Trump Is Not Starting an Escort Service in China on International Women’s Day
The Daily 202: Trump will use bully pulpit to counter conservative revolt over Obamacare replacement
Caterpillar Is Accused in Report to Federal Investigators of Tax Fraud
Seven reasons to dump a GOP lawmaker
Trump's own comments the biggest obstacle to revised travel ban
Why Jeff Sessions must resign
The word 'Science' disappears from Environmental Protection Agency mission statement
Source reveals EPA programs Trump's budget could cut
Why Republicans Are Battling Republicans on Obamacare Repeal
An Obamacare repeal that’s both heartless and reckless
FBI's James Comey: 'There is no such thing as absolute privacy in America'
Spicer says 'massive difference' between CIA WikiLeaks leak and Podesta email leak
White House says 'no recollection' of Trump-Russian ambassador meeting
Ivanka Is Where Feminism Goes to Die
Comey: 'There is no such thing as absolute privacy in America'
Ivanka Trump landlord suing US government: report
Mexico cancels sugar export permits to U.S. in trade dispute
FBI Director Comey rejects talk of resignation: ‘You’re stuck with me’
Strangely, Americans Don't Trust Jeff Sessions or Congress to Investigate Russia
Study Finds Trump’s Election Made Men More Aggressive Towards Women
Neil Gorsuch Must Answer the Questions Merrick Garland Was Denied
FBI Director James Comey tells cybersecurity conference, “You’re stuck with me for another 6 1/2 years”
Ex-CIA director: When Trump tweets unproven allegations, it 'weakens the office of the presidency'
Sen. Tim Kaine's son arrested during anti-Trump protest
SEAL's father asks, Did Trump's travel ban jeopardize Yemen raid?
Now That He's Found It, Rand Paul Really Doesn't Like GOP's Obamacare Repeal Bill
Donald Trump blames Barack Obama for allowing Russia to annex Crimea
Rubio Booted From Second Office Because of Protests
No matter what Trump does, US cities plan to move forward on battling climate change
In North Korea, Donald Trump faces his first major foreign crisis – if only he'd pay it some attention
Spicer: Trump 'very concerned' about WikiLeaks dump
Obama Stopped Taking Trump's Calls After Inauguration
House Oversight chair: We won't probe Trump's voter fraud claims
Trump travel ban begins to deter foreign tourists from U.S.
Hawaii plans to sue to block new Trump travel ban
Trump Administration Seeks Big Budget Cuts for Climate Research
Sen. Rand Paul Says GOP Health Plan Is 'Dead on Arrival'
Did San Bernardino Officials Violate Law With Letter To President Trump?
Poll: Most disagree with Trump that media is 'enemy' of the people
1 in 3 voters agrees with Trump that the media is ‘the enemy of the American people’
The New Obamacare Replacement Bill Will Hurt the Poor and Middle Class the Most
House Dems step up delay tactics against Obamacare repeal
After seven years of effort, Republicans unveil a woeful health bill
State of Hawaii to challenge Trump's new travel ban
This may be the worst defense of Trump’s Obama-wiretapped-me claim — literally
Tim Kaine's son arrested after allegedly disrupting pro-Trump rally
Tim Kaine's son arrested while protesting Trump rally in Minn.
Congress revisits the pre-existing condition problem
Women march across the US to fight for equal rights
Federal criminal probe to open into WikiLeaks CIA document dump
The Republican health-care bill is all about shortchanging the poor
All 100 senators demand action on anti-Jewish bomb threats
WikiLeaks strikes again. Here are 4 big questions about Vault 7
Jason Chaffetz: Poor People Should Stop Buying iPhones If They Need Money For Health Care
Hey, Trump voters: This fiasco is what you get when you “experiment” with the presidency
Senator Richard Blumenthal (D-CT) announces that he will block the nominee for Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein - The Senator's office has confirmed he will place "indefinite hold" on nominee Rosenstein as of 3:30 p.m. EDT --
Federal criminal probe being opened into WikiLeaks' publication of CIA documents
The most problematic White House officials on TV, ranked
Donald Trump's new Muslim travel ban to be challenged by state of Hawaii.
The Real Goal of Trump’s Travel Ban Is to Make America White Again
Hawaii plans to be first state to challenge Trump’s new travel ban
Attention, Student Protesters: Use Your Words
Obama irked and exasperated in response to Trump's wiretapping claims, sources say
House Dem calls for Marine firings after nude photos scandal
White supremacist believed to be linked to violent crimes in northwest
Spicer on wiretapping claim: No question something happened
Bernie Sanders: Donald Trump's new travel ban is 'ideological ammunition for terrorists'
Trump administration drops appeal over first travel ban
Ben Carson Just Got a Whole Lot Wrong About the Brain
Millions Risk Losing Health Insurance in Republican Plan, Analysts Say
GOP leader tells poor to stop buying iPhones as insurance CEOs get BIG tax break
‘A Day Without a Woman’ Protest: Marches and Closed Schools
Sen. Tim Kaine’s son among several arrested after protesters disrupt Trump rally in Minnesota
Donald Trump’s St Patrick’s Day cap ridiculed for featuring clover instead of shamrock.
What is Donald Trump hiding in his tax returns? And will they ever see the light of day?
The Entire Senate Wants President Trump to Act on Threats Against Jewish Centers
Pope tells U.S. summit “No people is criminal, no religion is terrorist”
Rep. Jason Chaffetz is wrong. A $700 iPhone can't cover your health insurance.
Former Md. Del. Michael Vaughn charged with selling his vote in bribery scheme
Watch Sean Spicer illustrate the dangers of coming to believe your own nonsense
Muslim Ban 2.0 The real motivation for Trump’s immigration policies is racism. Never forget it.
The GOP’s Cruel, Costly, Corporate Obamacare Replacement
Trumpcare Is the Culmination of All the GOP’s Health-Care Lies
White House corrects Trump’s erroneous Gitmo tweet
Is Louise Mensch Really the Root of This Trump Fiasco?
Trump Administration Says Illegal Border Crossings Declined In February
Felony Accusation Puts New Strain on Obama-Trump Relationship
Charles Blow calls Trump a pathological liar
Trump's travel ban wouldn't have stopped these deadly terrorists
L.A. Voters Reject Measure AIDS Group Backed, Developers Opposed
Analysis: 6-10 million could lose health coverage under GOP plan
Homeland Security’s plan to break up families would have terrible consequences for kids
China warns Trump he is facing a 'head-on collision' with North Korea
White House official terrorizes network green rooms - Boris Epshteyn, who pushes Trump’s message out on the airwaves, has offended network bookers and contributors across Washington.
It's looking bad for the GOP Obamacare bill
Millions of Californians likely would lose coverage under GOP Obamacare replacement, experts say
McCain demands Trump release proof behind wiretapping accusations
Republican healthcare plan battered by left and right: 'Dumpster fire of a bill'
Lawmaker shocked by 'insane' boozing at Rhode Island capitol
After Trump tweets, pressure grows for full Russia investigation
Trump Picks Hawkish Critic of Russia as NATO Ambassador, Veering From One Extreme to the Other
The Madness of President Donald
Robert Reich: Is Trump a traitor or a paranoid?
This might be the worst defense of Trump's Obama-wiretapped-me claim — literally
Swedish teenagers claim Russian TV crew offered to bribe them to cause trouble after Trump comments
Trump NSA advisor rejects use of 'Radical Islamic Terrorism'
Another Wave of Jewish Center Bomb Threats Prompts All 100 Senators to Ask White House to Do More
Judge blocks Dakota pipeline protesters' final push for religious heritage protection
Trump wants to cut Chesapeake Bay cleanup funding from $73M to $5M
The GOP's Obamacare repeal bill is out--and it's even worse than anyone expected
